ECS Compatibility (#83)
logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-cef: docs/index.asciidoc

If this codec receives a payload from an input that is not a valid CEF message, then it will
produce an event with the payload as the 'message' field and a '_cefparsefailure' tag.

==== Compatibility with the Elastic Common Schema (ECS)

This plugin can be used to decode CEF events _into_ the Elastic Common Schema, or to encode ECS-compatible events into CEF.
It can also be used _without_ ECS, encoding and decoding events using only CEF-defined field names and keys.

The ECS Compatibility mode for a specific plugin instance can be controlled by setting <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility>> when defining the codec:

> [source]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,sh]
-----
```

    input {
      tcp {
        # ...
        codec => cef {
          ecs_compatibility => v1
        }
      }
    }

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-----

```

&nbsp;

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-default_timezone"]
===== `default_timezone`

* Value type is <<string,string>>
* Supported values are:

> ** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones[Timezone names] (e.g.`Europe/Moscow`, 'America/Argentina/Buenos_Aires`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones[Timezone names] (such as`Europe/Moscow`, 'America/Argentina/Buenos_Aires`)
```

Author: ```suggestion
** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones[Timezone names] (such as `Europe/Moscow`, `America/Argentina/Buenos_Aires`)
```

> ** UTC Offsets (e.g., `-08:00`, `+03:00`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** UTC Offsets (such as `-08:00`, `+03:00`)
```

* The default value for this setting is `observer`.
* Option has no effect when <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility,`ecs_compatibility => disabled`>>.
* Option has no effect when _encoding_

Defines a set of device-specific CEF fields as either representing the device on which an
event _occurred_, or merely the device from which the event was _observed_.
This causes the relevant fields to be routed to either the `host` or the `observer`
top-level groupings.

If the codec handles data from a variety of sources, the ECS recommendation is to use `observer`.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility"]
===== `ecs_compatibility`

* Value type is <<string,string>>
* Supported values are:
** `disabled`: uses CEF-defined field names in the event (e.g., `bytesIn`, `sourceAddress`)
** `v1`: supports ECS-compatible event fields (e.g., `[source][bytes]`, `[source][ip]`)
* Default value depends on which version of Logstash is running:
** When Logstash provides a `pipeline.ecs_compatibility` setting, its value is used as the default
** Otherwise, the default value is `disabled`.

Controls this plugin's compatibility with the

> https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/current/index.html[Elastic Common Schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ecs-ref}[Elastic Common Schema (ECS)]
```
